Keep on the watch.
That's what Jesus told His disciples after describing the events of the last days.
How long have you been keeping on the watch?
We are certainly experiencing critical times hard to deal with.
These are the conditions we have been preaching about for years.
In this update, let's review some of the prophecies being fulfilled right before our eyes
and reflect on the timeliness of the November campaign publicizing God's kingdom.
First, think about the sign Jesus gave His disciples.
In Luke 21, 11, Jesus said we would see food shortages and pestilences in one place after another.
Well, we are now experiencing the fulfillment of this part of the sign in a very pronounced way.
A second prophecy to consider is recorded in Daniel chapter 2.
There, we read about an immense image representing a succession of human kingdoms
from the Babylonian Empire down to today.
The feet and toes at the bottom of that image represent the Anglo-American world power
and Daniel tells us they are partly of iron and partly of clay.
Do you remember what this mix of hard iron and soft clay represents?
The clay pictures, the radical and popular elements within the sphere of the United States and Britain
that weaken its ability to act with iron-like strength.
Daniel 243 says they will not stick together one to the other.
The watchtower of June 15, 2012 pointed out clear evidence of the iron and clay when it said.
Opposing ideologies and close election results that do not end up in a clear majority
have weakened the power base of even popular leaders so that they have no clear mandate to implement their policies.
Would you agree that this is more evident now than eight years ago when this was published?
Reflecting on the fulfillment of Bible prophecy that we are seeing right now can fortify our faith.
In the following interview Brother Richard Kelsey, who was baptized in 1941,
shares his thoughts about what's helped him to keep on the watch for some 80 years.
I was baptized in June 1941 in Des Moines, Iowa and at the same time as Peggy,
and we were baptized in a horse-watering tank there.
And this was shortly before the International Convention in St. Louis, Missouri.
We as youngsters and children were all asked to sit in the first rows in front of the stage
and Brother Rutherford gave the talk, Children of the King,
and during this talk at the conclusion, he said,
there's a new book, The Children Book, and you will all get a free copy.
That motivated me greatly, and of course when it was studied later,
that was even a greater motivation to serve Jehovah.
I started pioneering in September 1948, but I had already auxiliary pioneered,
and of course that wedded my appetite for full-time service.
We see world conditions worsening, and that could frighten us.
It could be that faithful older ones would become discouraged after many years,
and it's very important to have a close relationship with Jehovah, an intimate relationship.
We look forward to his kingdom rule as a solution for all problems.
Young ones will see the faithfulness of the older ones,
and we want to imitate their faith.
And of course, that's pleasing to Jehovah.
Well, when we heard that there was going to be a special campaign now,
Peggy and I, my wife and I applied for auxiliary pioneer service,
we have been preaching God's kingdom for many years,
and now there's a special campaign devoted to that subject, God's kingdom,
and it's going to be a highlight in our many years of service to Jehovah.
Like Brother Kelsey, has your confidence in Jehovah's promises been strengthened by what you see happening today?
People around the world realized how unusual it is to have a pandemic,
food shortages, civil unrest, earthquakes, and other disasters all occur at the same time.
Watching the fulfillment of Bible prophecies builds our confidence in other prophecies yet to be fulfilled.
Prophecies that promise permanent relief from the problems we're dealing with.
For example, as Daniel 244 tells us,
soon God's kingdom will become the only government ruling over the earth forever.
Isn't it exciting that amidst these critical times,
we are participating in a special campaign,
clearly pointing people to the only real solution God's kingdom?
Some who are once associated with Jehovah's organization are also recognizing the fulfillment of Bible prophecy
and have been motivated to come back.
If you are inactive or it is fellowshiped,
we encourage you to speak to the elders in your local congregation.
They'll be happy to assist you.
If you'd like a copy of this magazine, please go to our website, jw.org,
and download it, or ask any one of Jehovah's Witnesses for a copy.
Just a few days into the November campaign,
a sister in France got a call from a telemarketer.
Let's listen as Brother Bruno 4 explains how she took advantage of the opportunity to advertise the kingdom.
This experience began when a sister received a call from a telemarketer.
She listened to the saleswoman's offer, but then, instead of simply handing the call,
the sister asked for the woman's opinion on the word's condition.
After she responded, the sister had it that these conditions were all faulty by Jesus,
and that deliverance will soon come by means of God's kingdom.
The woman showed a real interest and offered to call the sister back with her husband after work to continue the conversation.
Well, later the same day, this woman and her husband called back just as promised.
They had a good discussion using the watchdog number two being featured in our campaign,
and they made an appointment to talk again the following day.
Sure enough, on the next day, the couple was ready with their own copy of the Bible.
They said that after carefully reading the watchtower, they were touched by John 173
and realized the importance of studying the Bible.
They explained that they were originally from Cameroon, and they had become familiar with Jehovah with this,
when living there.
When they consulted www.org, they were touched to see the content available in their mother tongue.
Now, they were interested in attending a meeting and continuing these Bible discussions,
so arrangements are being made to follow on the interest.
Clearly, the zealous efforts of our brothers in France and around the world are resulting in a great witness.
Many people are surprised to see how quickly things have changed in 2020.
Just a few months ago, life was very very different.
This is a very good lesson for us on how fast things can change in the future.
After saying the words, keep on the watch in Matthew 2442,
notice what Jesus said about the suddenness of these events that would occur and how we should react.
Matthew 2442-44 says,
Keep on the watch, therefore, because you do not know on what day your Lord is coming,
but know one thing.
If the householder had known in what watch the thief was coming, he would have kept awake
and not allowed his house to be broken into.
On this account, you too prove yourselves ready, because the Son of Man, Jesus,
is coming at an hour that you do not think to be it.
Hasn't the fast-changing world situation heightened your appreciation for the need to prove yourselves ready?
Rather than allowing distractions to diminish our spiritual alertness,
now more than ever we need to pray, study, attend meetings, and stay active in the ministry.
Thank you to all who have worked tirelessly on this kingdom campaign.
If you haven't participated in the campaign yet, be sure to do so.
What a privilege it is to advertise the kingdom, the solution to all of mankind's problems.
By doing so, we can keep on the watch and prove ourselves ready.
Please be assured of our constant prayers in your behalf and our warmest love.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is JW Broadcasting.